“T was thinking, my son, of him whose name
you bear, my Cousin Garnett;” she said in a
tone that dwelt lingeringly upon the name she
loved. The Colonel pressed her hand tenderly.
He was one of the first to answer President
McKinley’s call for volunteers. Side by side
with his father who, Confederate veteran as
he was, had volunteered with him and donned
the Federal blue at his country’s need, he
served through the Spanish War, and was
commissioned in the regular army. Now he
heard wonderingly the echo of the bugle notes
of those olden days and looked hopefully into
the future, dreaming that it might hold for
him the glory, even though it threw over him
the gloom, of those fame-crowned hills.
Reminiscences of the day that seemed to
belong to a lost age came surging back to the
older man.
“Here, Garnett, my son, is where we marched
through the fires of destruction up, — yes, up
to the very gates of hell. It was terrible —
terrible — ‘magnificent, but not war’ —no,
not war — not war.”
The woman clung shudderingly to his arm
and looked up into his face, whispering, “And
where — where —!”’
