When he whistles I think he ought to be a bird.
When he sings it seems that he ought to be
an opera star. When I see him lead a charge I
feel that he ought to spend his life on the battle-
field. Yes, Pickett can do anything and do it
well. As for poor me—all I ean do is to make
love.”
Inexperienced as I was, I knew that the “Red
Fox” eould do everything that was brave and
fine and great. As for making love—there was
only one who knew his power in that art—the
lovely woman who possessed all his gallant
heart and has worthily borne his great name
through years of wearing toil and lonely sor-
row.
In the battle or on the road a song or a laugh
was always on his lips and the hearts of his
men leaped up to meet his gayety as well as his
fearlessness.
To few men is it given to go through a great
war untouched by any ball except the fatal one.
Such was the gift that Mars bestowed upon his
brilliant follower and in less than a year from
that festive night at this same Yellow Tavern
the blood-red seal was set upon a youth that
was immortal.