diers who had executed the order to burn the
buildings.
Through the night the fire raged, the sea of
darkness rolled over the town, the crowds of
men, women and children went about the streets
Jaden with what plunder they could rescue from
the flames. ‘The drunken rabble shattered the
plate-glass windows of the stores and wrecked
everything upon which they could seize. The
populace had become a frenzied mob, and the
kingdom of Satan seemed to have been trans-
ferred to the streets of Richmond.
The fire revealed many things which | should
like never to have seen and, having seen, would
fain forget.
~ . desolation. ‘Taking advantage of their posses-
sion of money and lack of both patriotism and
humanity, they had, by an early corner in the
market and by successful blockade running,
bought up all the available supplies with an
eye to future gain, while our soldiers and wom-
en and children were absolutely in rags, bare-
foot and starving. Not even war, with its hor-
rors and helplessness, can divert such harpies
from thei r accustomed methods of aceumulating