HELENA MODJESKA
actress she could have devoted her life
with equal success to any one of several
other occupations. She wrote brilliant
verse, painted pictures that would have
made her famous but for her other
great gift, amused herself by writing a
charming fairy story and illuminating
it by her own art, was an accomplished
musician and composer, and wrote
equally well in Polish and English.
After the death of her guardian-hus-
band she became Countess Pozenta
Chlapowski, and she and the fascinating
and scholarly Count made a beautiful
home in California, which formed the
nucleus of a Polish community on the
founding and upbuilding of which the
fortunes of the two were expended.
There she died a few years ago and her
own land, which could not give her a
home, was permitted to open for her a
grave.
20