ADELAIDE NEILSON
ity on the part of the one to whom the
luminance comes.' '
At the age of thirty-two the final cur-
tain fell upon the drama of Adelaide
Neilson's life and I have often thought
of her words when I have seen elderly
ladies frisking in springtime dalliance
about their nurses and vowing undying
affection to stout Romeos who are ap-
parently on the verge of retirement for
the blunder of obesity.
Neilson's voice, inherited from her
Spanish actor-father, was filled with
the music of song-birds and of soft
winds at dawn, the joy of flowers open-
ing in the sun and the sadness of long
sea-waves breaking on the gray rocks on
a day in dark November. That voice
could touch the heart with joy and
with sorrow, with radiant love or with
fiery indignation. It was a melodious
harp with strings that vibrated to every
emotion.
30