streams, and steep hills impeded the movements of the
Confederate guns and necessitated a fight with infantry
against the Federal batteries. In the lower ground, be-
yond this space, the enemy had thrown out a very heavy
skirmish-line. The ridge was defended by two tiers of
artillery, supported by a double line of infantry. Heavy
reserves of infantry were ranged in double column on the
crest of the heights, protected by a stone wall extending
along the side of the ridge. Across the lowland was a
rail fence to obstruct the march of our troops. In order
to come to close quarters with the enemy our men would
be compelled to charge over half a mile of open ground
in the face of a terrible rain of canister and shrapnel.
At twenty minutes to four the report of Geary's pistol
rang out from the Federal lines, shivering the morning
air with its ominous resonance. This was the signal for
the beginning of the struggle for Gulp's Hill, to which
Geary's division had returned in the night. The contest
was still in progress while Pickett stood with Lee and
Longstreet on the summit of the ridge. The Federal artil-
lery on Power Hill and McAllister Hill swept the plateau
on which Johnson was stationed and where he met the ad-
vancing infantry. He fought alone until eleven o'clock,
when his battle was over and he fell back to Rock Creek.
About eight o'clock Pickett, in company with Lee and
Longstreet, rode slowly up and down the long line of
prostrate infantry, viewing them closely and critically.
The men had been forbidden to cheer, but they volun-
tarily arose and stood silently with uncovered heads and
hats held aloft, a motionless dark line against the white
light of the morning with the gloom of the hills in the
background. How many of those erect forms, standing so
rigidly in soldierly strength and pride, would, when the
sun should go down behind the purple hills, be lying on