I was sent by my paper to report the
Convention. It was the first time a
woman had ever been appointed to re-
port a meeting of that kind. So un-
heard of a thing could not pass unques-
tioned and the Marshal of the day came
to me and told me that I must go into
the gallery, as women were not allowed
on the floor. My husband, who was re-
porting for his own paper, tried to ex-
plain my position but was not permitted
to do so. The other reporters came to
my defence and told me to sit still and
recommended the Marshal to * dry up/ as
they expressed it. So I stayed in the
heart of the battle and witnessed every
scene and heard every word. The Wig-
wam was packed. An immense crowd
was gathered around the building, and
sentinels posted upon the roof to give
the signal to the throngs below when
the decisive moment should come. It
came. It seemed to me that the mighty
