that the property man was the one in-
fallible memory freak who could not
possibly forget anything. This illusion
remained with me until one evening
when I was playing Juliet that Infal-
lible One forgot the bottle containing
the sleeping potion. Some kind of a
bottle was necessary and the property
man picked up the first at hand and
shoved it over. At the words, ' Romeo!
This do I drink to thee!' I placed the
bottle to my lips and swallowed the
draught. When the scene closed the
prompter rushed up with the cry, 'Good
gracious ! You have been drinking from
my bottle of ink!' I felt like the dying
wit who, having been accidentally given
ink instead of medicine, asked for a
piece of blotting paper which he might
swallow."
As a child, notwithstanding her aver-
sion to the stage, Anna Cora was the
playwright and star of the Mowatt
