calm of the forest beside the old gray broken
monument where we have so often made love
and told each other fairy tales and wandered
about and made thought pictures of our Wil-
liam and Mary Randolph, who erected it away
back in 1771. I wonder, little one, if from
their celestial home they can see the pictur-
esque beauty which I see and which I wish I
could put into words. Do you remember the
inscription on one of the sides of the monu-
ment? â€” "The foundation of this pillar was
laid in 1771, when all the great rivers of this
country were swept by inundations never be-
fore experienced, which changed the face of
nature and left traces of their violence that
will remain for ages!" As I read over this
inscription I feel sorry that the thought to erect
a monument to commemorate any kind of dis-
aster should ever have been born. Time's
soothing wings bless always, and not only have
the ravages of the flood which this monument
was erected to commemorate been long ago
forgotten, but the memories of ravages and
horrors of a yesterday far, far more terrible
are, thank God, being effaced.
J94