home of Colonel Shields next door to
Mrs. Clay, when the General suggested
one evening that we call on our charm-
ing neighbor. While we were there
Senator Vest came in. He was then in
the Confederate Senate; afterward for
many years he served Missouri in the
United States Senate. He had his vio-
lin, which he played very beautifully,
and Mrs. Clay waltzed with the General
as merrily and gracefully as she could
ever have danced at an Embassy ball in
the National Capital when life for her
was one long and brilliant Mayday fes-
tival.
The earnestness and determination
of Mrs, Clay's character were forcibly
shown by her rescue of her husband
from death in his prison cell in Fort
Monroe after the close of the war. In-
nocent of the charges brought against
him, he voluntarily surrendered him-
self as soon as he learned of the order
