for his apprehension. Denied trial, he
was held until the rapid failure of his
health threatened early death. Mrs.
Clay went to Washington to plead with
President Johnson for her husband's
life. After repeated unavailing efforts
to see the President and weeks of anx-
ious waiting she was admitted. It re-
quired many interviews to awaken the
President to a sense of the injustice of
leaving an innocent man to die in a
prison cell but after a time, moved by
the dominant character and enthusias-
tic devotion of the wife, he became in-
terested and promised to give favorable
attention to the plea. While under the
influence of the petitioner's earnest-
ness his promises were very fair, but
the vacillating President, after an in-
terview with some opposing politician,
would forget his good intentions and
lapse into lukewarmness, meeting his
importunate visitor upon her next ap-
