pearance with the assertion of his in-
ability to do anything for her. At last
she saw him by appointment in his
office one evening and, after pleading
her cause anew, told him that she would
not leave until she had the order for
Senator Clay's release. In vain he
sparred for time, asking her to come
the next day, promising to sign the or-
der and give it to her when she re-
turned. She had lost faith in promises
and positively refused to go without the
all important document. In despair
President Johnson signed the order
and Mrs. Clay before leaving the office
sent a telegram of good cheer to the
heartsick prisoner.
Mrs. Clay took the Senator to his
Alabama home, where she nursed him
with a devotion that was never sur-
passed, but freedom had come too late.
A few years later he passed into the
eternal freedom of the soul.
