was talking instead of writing. I quite
agreed with Mr, Webster in the view
that one of his greatest powers was in
his conversation, but heaven help the
unwary wanderer caught in the pitfalls
of his writing/'
"You escaped those dangers when
you went to Washington where he could
convey his thought to you without the
medium of a pen."
"Think of the perils of traveling to
the Capital in those days. We had no
palace cars with velvet cushions and
lofty porter to flourish a whisk broom
in the air and demand a fee. We had
to make a three-week journey in a car-
riage over rocks and mud-puddles and
brambly ways. Falling down an em-
bankment was a cheerful incident of
our trip and our arrival at the Na-
tional Hotel was surely an illustra-
tion of the ' survival of the fittest/
Mr. Davis took his seat in December,
