Christmas day at Holiday’s Point was the sight
of “Uncle Charles” driving up from the river
waving a paper above the load of Christmas
things and warning us that it contained in-
structions from Santa Claus that all the con-
tents of the cart should be put away in the
storehouse until he should come on Christmas
eve, and if anyone should touch any of the
boxes or ask questions about what was inside of
them all the good things would turn to ashes
and sawdust and there would be nothing left
when Christmas came, adding, “’Member what
Santa Claus did to Miss Cinderelly when she
didn’t mind him, stayin’ out late at night.”
Though the awesome paper was only a bill of
lading, which Uncle Charles knew very well, be-
lieving him we shrank before it in terror. I
watched the unloading curiously, and the col-
ored children, huddled together on the quarter-
kitchen doorsteps, pulled down each other’s
heads and whispered mysteriously as the boxes
and barrels were taken out and their contents
announced. There was the hogshead of New
Orleans molasses, with its thick layer of sugar
at the bottom, the long peaked loaves of white
sugar under their thin blue “fool’s-caps,” the
cases of raisins, dates, figs and tamarinds, bar-
rels of nuts, oranges and crackers, boxes of
cheese and, slyly pushed behind them, hampers